speechless
Damn
Ah!
As a Dharma Protector, I told you the truth
If you don't believe me, you can ask my children and grandchildren
Yes, Lord Protector
Guardian
If you don't believe
We can ask these guests here
Did this kid take the initiative to cause trouble?
Yes, where is this kid looking for trouble?
Yes, today is obviously an engagement party
He not only wants to steal the bride
Murder
That seems to be this kid's problem
Give me the Protector Order
This kid is guilty
He's damn guilty
Guilty
So there is no place for backplanting at all
you
How can you speak nonsense
Mimi
Princess
Stop talking about this world
It doesn't make sense.
That being the case
Absolute Sword slashes the heavens and the earth
Junior King Li Yu
Call this cheap